# Introduction
Documentation for Support Services

WFHHP is a small team of IT Professionals located in downtown Toronto that provide reasonably priced consultations via phone, instant messaging, and email.  We will not require any personal information, online account credentials, or even remotely access PCs.  We manage issues through a cloud app called Jira and users will not be required to sign up for any third-party services.  We can also assist with consultations for new hardware, should they require equipment to be purchased and delivered to their residence which we offer to install and set up.

While we are in the early stages of launching the project, consultation services can be provided by an IT professional for hourly, daily or flat-rate charges.  Since we would like to offer this service to as many residents as possible, many consultations can be provided under a 'Pay What You Can' model with reasonable rates.  Essentially, we measure our rates through both time and expertise.  If a client can be assisted with little time and/or expertise, we could provide services at little to no cost.  With that mentioned, if an issue requires time and expertise beyond a 20 minute phone conversation, we will make a suggestion for a consultation that could fit their needs at competitive rates.  Potential clients are informed of when we are able to help them and how they will be charged for our services.  i.e. No person will be charged for us taking their phone calls or to initiate any correspondence.  

This is a service meant to provide information, suggestions for consultation, and expertise from IT Professionals. If someone is working from home and gets stuck with an issue on their PC, we are available to help them get back up and running as quickly as possible.   We cover many issues surrounding hardware and related software issues, Windows and Linux operating systems, research fixes for error messages, and use the best IT practices for clear and concise problem solving.  
